Support installing OSSM Console without a Kiali server present ("lite mode") (#1002)
kiali/kiali.io: content/en/docs/Installation/installation-guide/prerequisites.md

## OpenShift Console Plugin (OSSMC) Version Compatibility

> The OSSMC plugin can be installed independently of any Kiali Server — a Kiali Server is not required for the **Istio control planes** and **Kiali instances** pages used to [navigate multiple meshes](/docs/ossmc/navigating-multiple-meshes/) in the OpenShift Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OSSMC plugin can be installed independently of any Kiali Server — a Kiali Server is not required for the **Istios** and **Kialis** pages used to [navigate multiple meshes](/docs/ossmc/navigating-multiple-meshes/) in the OpenShift Console.
```
